Tracing without performance documentation (#7176)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/distributed-tracing/configuration/javascript.mdx

## Configuration

> All of Sentry's tracing-related integrations (`BrowserTracing`, `Http`, and `Express`), as well as the [Next.JS SDK](/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/), support distributed tracing out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of Sentry's tracing-related integrations (`BrowserTracing`, `Http`, and `Express`), as well as the [Next.JS](/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/) and [SvelteKit](/platforms/javascript/guides/sveltekit/) SDKs, support distributed tracing out of the box.
```
